Add channel obfuscation related documentation (#585)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/gateway/gateway-events.mdx

}
```

#### Resync Guild Channels

Likely used to request channels that were previously obfuscated when the user gains `VIEW_CHANNEL` permission.

> Like the [List Guild Channels](/resources/channel#list-guild-channels) only channels the account has `VIEW_CHANNEL` permissions for will be returned. Fires a [Channel Sync](#channel-sync) Gateway event with the requested channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Guild Channels Resync

Used to request channels for a guild. Fires a [Channel Sync](#channel-sync) Gateway event with the requested channels.
```

Author: In this change you removed the detail about the `VIEW_CHANNEL` permission

Reviewer: Yeah because it is moved into the `CHANNEL_SYNC` event itself

> ###### Resync Guild Channels Structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Guild Channels Resync Structure
```

</Alert>

#### Channel Sync

Sent in response to [Resync Guild Channels](#resync-guild-channels).

> <Alert type="info">

Reviewer 2: don't need both the alert and the note

The channel list will only include channels the account has the `VIEW_CHANNEL` permission for.

</Alert>

###### Channel Sync Structure

| Field           | Type                                                       | Description                                                    |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| guild_id        | snowflake                                                  | The ID of the guild                                            |
| channels ^1^    | array[[channel](/resources/channel#channel-object) object] | The requested channels                                         |

> | integrity_check | boolean                                                    | Whether the integrity check needs to be done with client cache |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| integrity_check | boolean                                                    | Whether an integrity check needs to be performed on client cache |
```

</Alert>

#### Channel Sync

> Sent in response to [Resync Guild Channels](#resync-guild-channels). Contains channels requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sent in response to [Resync Guild Channels](#resync-guild-channels).
```

Obvious details usually shouldn't be repeated

Author: I named it "Resync Guild Channels" since it sounds more natural, and it seems according to the documentation that this is acceptable (assuming since in reality it's just a opcode) like with for example STREAM_WATCH (Op Code: 20) it's called "Watch Stream" in the documentation.

Reviewer: Yeah true

<Alert type="info">

The channel list will only include channels the account has the `VIEW_CHANNEL` permission for.

</Alert>

###### Channel Sync Structure

| Field           | Type                                                       | Description            |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| integrity_check | boolean                                                    | Unknown use            |
| guild_id        | snowflake                                                  | The ID of the guild    |

> | channels        | array[[channel](/resources/channel#channel-object) object] | The requested channels |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Field           | Type                                                       | Description            |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| guild_id        | snowflake                                                  | The ID of the guild    |
| channels ^1^    | array[[channel](/resources/channel#channel-object) object] | The requested channels |
| integrity_check | boolean                                                    | Whether the integrity check needs to be done with client cache |

^1^ If the current user does not have `VIEW_CHANNEL` permission in a requested channel or it does not exist, it will be omitted.
```
In events that are bound to a guild, `guild_id` always comes first, and other fields are sorted by their importance (e.g `id`, `type`, `name` in channels come first, rather than api's order)

Author: Ah, I just added them in the order as the Gateway gave them to me.

Author: How do you know that integrity check refers to client cache?

Reviewer: > How do you know that integrity check refers to client cache?

It's handled in android client code and calls `ChannelStore#getMutableGuildChannelsForGuild(guildId: Snowflake)` and if `(clientChannel.flags & ChannelFlags.OBFUSCATED) != (serverChannel.flags & ChannelFlags.OBFUSCATED)` is true then integrity is considered violated

Author: Ahh alright. I'll have the changes done soon.
